ActiveX Redistributable Installation Kit: AXDist.exe and WINTDist.exe
-----------------------------------------------

This section refers to redistributable installing executables in the ActiveX SDK.  

WINTDist.exe will install WinInet and dependencies, and make required registry settings
on Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 95.
* WinInet.dll
* InLoader.dll
* SChannel.dll

WINT351.exe will install WinInet and dependencies, and make required registry settings
on Windows NT 3.51.
* WinInet.dll
* InLoader.dll

AXDist.exe will install URLMon.dll and dependencies, and make required registry settings
on Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 95.
* WinInet.dll
* InLoader.dll
* URLMon.dll
* HLink.dll
* HLinkPrx.dll
* OLEAut32.dll
* STDOLE2.tlb

APRXDist.exe will install ActXPrxy.dll and dependencies, and make required registry settings
for Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 95.
* ActXPrxy.dll



For the purposes of this section, "The DLLs" shall mean all of the DLLs and the TLB file listed above.

AXDist.exe, WINTDist.exe, WINT351.exe, CCDist.exe, CCDist35.exe, and APRXDist.exe are self 
extracting installation files which are intended to be the only vehicle through which 
ISVs can redistribute and install The DLLs with their ActiveX code.  Their 
purpose is to allow ISVs to ship code without being dependent on the presence of 
Internet Explorer 3.0 on the target machine.  

These files are in release form.  This agreement supersedes all other agreements with respect to 
AXDist.exe, WINTDist.exe, WINT351.exe, and APRXDist.exe, and 
The DLLs.  In addition to the rights granted in Section 1 of the Development License Agreement 
("Agreement"), you have the right to redistribute AXDist.exe, WINTDist.exe, WINT351.exe, and 
APRXDist.exe subject to the following non-exclusive stipulations.

You may not modify these Redistributables, or The DLLs they installs.

You may not redistribute The DLLs under any other circumstances except by using AXDist.exe, 
WINTDist.exe, WINT351.exe, or APRXDist.exe

If you have shipped previous version of these installation files, you must now upgrade your
installed base with your next product release. 

You may freely distribute these files within your company for development purposes of your 
ActiveX project.

The International Intel versions of these files may be shipped with your product with all of
the rights described above:

Japan: JAWint.exe, JAAXDist.exe, JAAPrxDi.exe
German: DEWint.exe, DEAXDist.exe, DEAPrxDi.exe
Taiwan: TWWint.exe, TWAXDist.exe, TWAPrxDi.exe

RISC versions:
All RISC versions of these Redistributables are currently in beta state, and are prerelease code.  
You may use these files for testing purposes only.  You may ship these files with your product,
but that product must be clearly marked "BETA".  If you ship these current RISC versions of the
Redistributables, you will be obligated to refresh your customer base with the final version
of these file with your next product shipment after the Redistributable become publicly available.

This licensing agreement is subject to change without warning.

If these Redistributables do not meet your distribution needs of The DLLs, you must send 
detailed feedback to the AXDistB1@microsoft.com  (that is for "ActiveX SDK Redistributables, 
Beta 1").

